all right how's it going out there
bringing you another product review this
time is not airsoft it is going to be
from the series Kamen Rider Kiva series
okay I did purchase a belt I purchased
the Equus I felt the excitement to say
it same difference
got the belt right huh believe it or not
it does fit me it's really tight I'm
sucking in
not really it does fit quite snugly
though um if the product was made for
little kids but you know something I'm a
kid heart so yeah you if you think I'm
too old for this all right
anyway we're gonna start with the
knuckle all right now one thing if
you're not good at reading Japanese or
anything doesn't really matter it's
printed on the instructions like in a
picture that you can to remove the
battery casing there's a little hole
right here right there you push that
little pin in with a pin and this pops
right off it has to triple-a batteries
so the powerful Kamen Rider X is powered
by two triple A batteries go figure
okay also we have is a trigger and a
couple of interactive buttons and stuff
so yeah next we turn it on you go from X
to oh and you've got it coming to power
okay now you know the trigger first
okay that's just a regular blaster mode
okay little button in the center it
makes it talk it'll ask you questions
then really it's not really that
interactive with the answers that yeah
anyway you get the drift
there's several little phrases in here
so you do get some bang for your buck
with that now the cool thing about this
is with the crew souls you've got these
right here these buttons at the bottom
of the floor now depending on how
they're arranged like how they're pushed
with the crucibles in the belt then
determines which one is it sounds so I
say that's a pretty brilliant way of
doing it also to activate the whole
hinge and stuff those buttons at the
same time activated like that activates
the henshin so time for me to prove that
I can get on the belt without too much
struggle okay I mean equation
you see okay now we're done with the
henshin has time to try all the
summoning through souls first we'll try
out the diary room saver
now for each those weapons the knuckle
and when you slide it on you go through
the whole pension process again because
pension is activated by that button
right there you cuz I caliber rise up
Howard
each side
all right and that is all the Foose
holes right there so there you have it
I'm guy so much me I mean the
traditional second